docs fix: custom prefix network connection (#208)
fetchai/cosmpy: docs/connect-to-network.md

```

A full list of chain identifiers, denominations and end-points can be found at the Cosmos [chain registry](https://github.com/cosmos/chain-registry/).

> 
> 
> 
> ### Custom prefix network:
> In case custom prefix network you need to create wallets with proper prefix specified:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Custom prefix network:
In case you are using network other than fetch.ai's, you can provide the custom prefix when creating the wallet:
```
